mark as deprecated in readme (#66)
databricks/genai-cookbook: README.md

# ⚠️ NOTICE

This repo and http://ai-cookbook.io have been deprecated. Please visit the [AWS](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) or [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) docs for the most updated content.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

```

I think this will add a section header - just trying to push the older headers lower down

Reviewer: Should we just move the old README content into a new file & link that from here?

Reviewer: Then it's super clear that "This repo is deprecated, for the old content, see <here>"

# ⚠️ NOTICE

> This repo and http://ai-cookbook.io have been deprecated. Please visit the [AWS](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) or [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) docs for the most updated content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo and http://ai-cookbook.io have been deprecated. Please visit the [AWS](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) or [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/generative-ai/tutorials/ai-cookbook/) Databricks documentation for the latest content.
```
